The following is list of accessories in Final Fantasy Tactics. The extra items introduced in the PlayStation Portable version are obtained from the Multiplayer Mode. The player will unlock these items upon finishing the game in the mobile version; after the credits have finish rolling, the game will auto-save and the PSP items will appear in the Poachers' Den.

Some equipment is found as treasures on the battlefields with the Treasure Hunter ability. For the exact location on the grid, see the location article.

After an accessory is unlocked, it can be bought at any outfitter.

See also: Final Fantasy Tactics armor, Final Fantasy Tactics weapons, or Accessory

Contents
1	Shoes
2	Armguards
3	Rings
4	Armlets
5	Cloaks
6	Perfume
7	Lip rouge
8	Other appearances
8.1	Dissidia Final Fantasy Opera Omnia
8.2	Pictlogica Final Fantasy
8.3	Final Fantasy Record Keeper
8.4	Final Fantasy Brave Exvius
Shoes
Accessories based on increasing movement range.

Name	Effect	Acquisition	Cost
FFT Battle Boots
Battle Boots	Movement +1	Outfitters: 1st battle Merchant City of Dorter (Chapter 1)
Trophy: Lenalian Plateau against Milleuda Folles
Rare Treasure: Zeklaus Desert (random battle map) (9,10)
Rare Poach: Red Panther
Steal: Enemies LV10–19
Initial: Several characters in the beginning of the game	1,000
Battle-ready boots made from layers of leather for ease of movement. While equipped, raises the movement attribute.
FFT Spike Boots
Spiked Boots
(Spike Shoes)	Jump +1	Outfitters: 2nd battle Merchant City of Dorter (Chapter 2)
Rare Treasure: Araguay Woods (9,11)
Steal: Enemies LV20–29	1,200
The spiked soles of these boots improve one's footing.
While equipped, raises the jump attribute.
FFT Rubber Boots
Rubber Boots	—	Outfitters: Cardinal Delacroix meeting at Lionel Castle (Chapter 2)
Rare Treasure: Lionel Castle Gate (3,7)
Rare Poach: Jura Aevis	1500
Immune: Immobilize
Negates: Lightning
Electrically resistant boots that have been treated with a special resin.
While equipped, grants immunity to Immobilize.
FFT Winged Boots
Winged Boots
(Feather Boots)	—	Outfitters: Chapter 3
Trophy: Mount Germinas
Rare Treasure: Monastery Vaults First Level (7,1)	2,500
Equip: Float
Boots that give the sensation of walking on air.
While equipped, grants Float.
FFT Germinas Boots
Germinas Boots	Movement +1
Jump +1	Outfitters: Royal City of Lesalia (Chapter 3)
Trophy: Mount Germinas
Rare Treasure: Riovanes Castle Keep (7,9)
Rare Poach: Coeurl
Steal: Enemies LV30+	5,000
Boots with a snug fit that greatly increases the wearer's mobility.
While equipped, raises the movement and jump attributes.
FFT Hermes Shoes
Hermes Shoes
(Sprint Shoes)	Speed +1	Outfitters: Walled City of Yardrow (Chapter 3)
Rare Treasure: Limberry Castle Gate (7,4)
Initial: Meliadoul Tengille	7,000
Lightweight footwear made by a famous cobbler.
While equipped, raises speed.
FFT Red Shoes
Red Shoes	Magick Attack +1
Movement +1	Initial: Alma in Chapter 3
Outfitters: Battle of Fort Besselat (Chapter 4)	10,000
Comfortable shoes fashioned from crimson leather with magickal properties.
While equipped, raises magick attack power and movement.
Ff tactics gaius caligae
Gaius Caligae	Movement +2	Mode: Rendezvous	10
Military sandals bearing the name of an ancient emperor.
Battle Boots
Battle Boots
Spiked Boots
Spiked Boots
Rubber Boots
Rubber Boots
Winged Boots
Winged Boots
Germinas Boots
Germinas Boots
Hermes Shoes
Hermes Shoes
Red Shoes
Red Shoes
Armguards
Accessories based on increasing attack power.

Name	Effect	Acquisition	Cost
FFT Power Gauntlet
Power Gauntlet
(Power Wrist)	Physical Attack +1	Outfitters: Zeirchele Falls (Chapter 2)
Rare Treasure: Balias Tor (2,13)
Steal: Enemies LV25–34	5,000
Leather gauntlets that allow for a firm grip.
While equipped, raise physical attack power.
FFT Magepower Glove
Magepower Glove
(Magic Gauntlet)	Magick Attack +2	Outfitters: Chapter 3
Rare Treasure: Monastery Vaults First Level (6,12)
Steal: Enemies LV35–59	20,000
Sturdy gloves imbued with magickal power.
While equipped, raise magick attack power.
FFT Bracer
Bracers	Physical Attack +3	Outfitters: Walled City of Yardrow (Chapter 3)
Rare Treasure: Limberry Castle Gate (7,10)
Steal: Enemies LV59+
Initial: Cidolfus Orlandeau	50,000
Gloves of thin leather that enhance the wearer's strength.
While equipped, raise physical attack power.
FFT Genji Glove
Genji Glove	Physical Attack +2
Magick Attack +2	Steal: Elmdore
Mode: Rendezvous	10
Vermilion gloves that boost physical and magickal prowess, made using techniques from a distant land.
While equipped, raise physical and magick attack power.
FF tactics brigands glove
Brigand's Gloves	Speed +1	Mode: Rendezvous	30,000
Equip: Haste
Gloves that increase the wearer's mobility.
FF tactics onion glove
Onion Gloves	—	Mode: Melee	10
Onion Knight only
Immune: KO, Undead, Stone, Traitor, Blindness, Confusion, Silence, Vampire, Berserk, Toad, Poison, Slow, Stop, Charmed, Sleep, Immobilize, Disable, Doom
Gloves forged for swordsmen who have mastered every technique and achieved knighthood's most exalted rank.
Power Gauntlet
Power Gauntlet
Magepower Glove
Magepower Glove
Bracers
Bracers
Genji Glove
Genji Glove
Rings
Accessories based on protection against negative statuses.

Name	Effect	Acquisition	Cost
FFT Protect Ring
Protect Ring
(Defense Ring)	—	Outfitters: Balias Tor (Chapter 2)
Rare Treasure: Lionel Castle Oratory (3,6) & Sal Ghidos (0,9)
Poach: Elder Treant
Steal: Enemies LV24+	5,000
Immune: Sleep, Doom
A ring forged from metal imbued with magick that prevents the wearer falling into a deep slumber. While equipped, grants immunity to Sleep and Doom.
FFT Magick Ring
Magick Ring
(Magic Ring)	—	Outfitters: Walled City of Yardrow (Chapter 3)
Rare Treasure: Outlying Church (4,4) & Sal Ghidos (0,10)
Steal: Enemies LV24+	10,000
Immune: Silence, Berserk
A protective ring inlaid with a magickal gemstone.
While equipped, grants immunity to Silence and Berserk.
FFT Reflect Ring
Reflect Ring	—	Outfitters: Chapter 3
Rare Treasure: Monastery Vaults First Level (2,6) & Sal Ghidos (0,2)	10,000
Equip: Reflect (Reflect is present even when the unit is KO'd.)
A ring engraved with arcane symbols that reflects magicks cast upon the wearer.
While equipped, grants Reflect.
FFT Angel Ring
Angel Ring	—	Outfitters: Chapter 4
Trophy: Outlying Church
Rare Treasure: Fort Besselat North Wall (10,0) & Sal Ghidos (9,12)	20,000
Immune: Instant KO, Blind
Equip: Reraise
A ring that grants the wearer enhanced vision and divine protection.
While equipped, grants immunity to instant KO and Blindness, and also grants Reraise at the start of battle.
FFT Cursed Ring
Cursed Ring	Physical Attack +1
Magick Attack +1
Speed +1	Treasure: Midlight's Deep (TIGER) (1,9)	10
Equip: Undead
Immune: Traitor
A ring inhabited by evil spirits that imparts great power, but transforms the wearer into the living dead.
While equipped, raises speed, physical and magick attack power, but inflicts Undead status.
FF tactics sages ring
Sage's Ring	—	Mode: Rendezvous	10
Boosts: All Elements
Absorbs: All Elements
A ring bearing a magickal jewel.
FFT Angel Ring
Ring of Aptitude	—	Bonus item: The Ivalice Chronicles (Deluxe Edition)	5
Equip: JP Boost
A mysterious ring that increases the amount of JP and Job EXP earned in battle, allowing the wearer to master their chose job more easily. Effect does not multiply with other traits that provide the same benefit.
Protect Ring.
Protect Ring.
Magick Ring
Magick Ring
Reflect Ring
Reflect Ring
Angel Ring
Angel Ring
Cursed Ring
Cursed Ring
Ring of Aptitude
Ring of Aptitude
Armlets
Accessories based on protection from negative statuses. They become available at outfitters after certain story battles take place.

Name	Effect	Acquisition	Cost
FFT Diamond Bracelet
Diamond Bracelet
(Diamond Armlet)	Physical +1
Magick Attack +1	Outfitters: Balias Swale (Chapter 2)
Steal: Enemies LV25+
Initial: Agrias Oaks	5,000
Immune: Slow
A bracelet embedded with shining jewels to enhance physicality.
While equipped, raises physical and magick attack power, and grants immunity to Slow.
FFT Guardian Bracelet
Guardian Bracelet
(Defense Armlet)	—	Outfitters: Cardinal Delacroix meeting at Lionel Castle (Chapter 2)
Trophy: Monastery Vaults - Third Level
Rare Treasure: Lionel Castle Oratory (3,8)
Poach: Behemoth
Steal: Enemies LV24+	7,000
Immune: Immobilize, Disable
A bracelet inlaid with crimson jewels that maintains the wearer's mobility.
While equipped, grants immunity to Immobilize and Disable.
FFT Nu Khai Armband
Nu Khai Armband
(N-Kai Armlet)	—	Outfitters: Chapter 3
Rare Treasure: Monastery Vaults First Level (0,12)
Poach: Ochu
Steal: Enemies LV24+	10,000
Immune: Confusion, Charmed
Halves: Dark
An armband worn during a ceremony to venerate gods of darkness. Protects against dark magicks.
While equipped, grants immunity to Confusion and Charmed.
FFT Jade Armlet
Jade Armlet	—	Outfitters: Royal City of Lesalia (Chapter 3)
Trophy: Bervenia
Rare Treasure: Riovanes Castle Roof (0,3)
Poach: Dragon
Steal: Enemies LV24+	10,000
Immune: Stone, Stop
A bracelet cut from precious stone and carefully polished. Helps maintain the wearer's sense of time.
While equipped, grants immunity to Stone and Stop.
FFT Japa Mala
Japa Mala
(108 Gems)	—	Outfitters: Monastery Vaults First Floor (Chapter 3)
Rare Treasure: Outlying Church (4,5)
Steal: Enemies LV24+	15,000
Immune: Undead, Vampire, Toad, Poison
Boosts: All Elements
A string of 108 prayer beads made from the seeds of a sacred tree. Protects against a range of maladies and enhances the wearer's magicks.
While equipped, grants immunity to various status ailments.
FF tactics empyreal armband
Empyreal Armband	Speed +1	Mode: Melee	10
Immune: Slow, Stop, Immobilize
An armband that contains the power of the stars.
Diamond Bracelet
Diamond Bracelet
Guardian Bracelet
Guardian Bracelet
Nu Khai Armband
Nu Khai Armband
Jade Armlet
Jade Armlet
Japa Mala
Japa Mala
Cloaks
Accessories that boosts evasion to attacks from all directions.

Name	Effect	Acquisition	Cost
FFT Shoulder Cape
Shoulder Cape
(Small Mantle)	(Phys.) 10%
(Mag.) 10%	Outfitters: Zeklaus Desert (Chapter 1)
Rare Treasure: Windmill Hut (5,8)
Poach: Squidraken
Steal: Enemies LV10–19	300
A small woolen cape.
FFT Leather Cloak
Leather Cloak
(Leather Mantle)	(Phys.) 15%
(Mag.) 15%	Outfitters: Chapter 2
Rare Treasure: Zeirchele Falls (3,1)
Steal: Enemies LV20–29	800
A sturdy leather cloak.
FFT Mage's Cloak
Mage's Cloak
(Wizard Mantle)	(Phys.) 18%
(Mag.) 18%
Magick Attack +1	Outfitters: Cardinal Delacroix meeting at Lionel Castle (Chapter 2)
Rare Treasure: Lionel Castle Oratory (4,6)
Poach: Skeletal Fiend
Steal: Enemies LV30–39	2,000
A hooded cloak often worn by mages to elevate their magicks.
While equipped, raises magick attack power.
FFT Elven Cloak
Elven Cloak
(Elf Mantle)	(Phys.) 25%
(Mag.) 25%	Outfitters: Royal City of Lesalia (Chapter 3)
Trophy: Riovanes Castle Gate
Rare Treasure: Riovanes Castle Roof (7,3)
Rare Poach: Skeletal Fiend
Steal: Enemies LV39+
Initial: Luso Clemens, Rapha Galthena	8,000
A short cloak made of an especially thin fabric.
FFT Vampire Cape
Vampire Cape
(Dracula Mantle)	(Phys.) 28%
(Mag.) 28%	Outfitters: Walled City of Yardrow (Chapter 3)
Rare Treasure: Limberry Castle Keep (0,10)
Rare Poach: Mindflayer
Steal: Enemies LV48+	15,000
A stylish cloak with an inner lining of a different color fabric than the exterior.
FFT Featherwave Cloak
Featherweave Cloak
(Feather Mantle)	(Phys.) 40%
(Mag.) 30%	Outfitters: Battle of Fort Besselat (Chapter 4)
Rare Treasure: Eagrose Castle (1,3)
Rare Poach: Cockatrice
Steal: Enemies LV49+
Initial: Cloud Strife	20,000
A cloak that is as light and soft as featherdown.
FFT Invisibility Cloak
Invisibility Cloak
(Vanish Mantle)	(Phys.) 35%	Rare Treasure: Mount Germinas (5,5)
Mode: Rendezvous	10
Equip: Invisibility
This cloak allows the wearer to blend in perfectly with their surroundings.
While equipped, grants Invisibility at the start of battle.
Shoulder Cape
Shoulder Cape
Leather Cloak
Leather Cloak
Mage's Cloak
Mage's Cloak
Elven Cloak
Elven Cloak
Vampire Cape
Vampire Cape
Featherweave Cloak
Featherweave Cloak
Invisibility Cloak
Invisibility Cloak
Perfume
Accessories that give positive statuses. Can only be equipped by females and onion knights in all but The Ivalice Chronicles Enhanced Mode.

Name	Effect	Acquisition	Cost
FFT Cherche
Envoûtement
(Cherche)	—	Poach: Behemoth King
Mode: Melee	30,000
Equip: Float, Reflect
The refreshing fragrance of this perfume makes one feel light as air, and able to repel even the mightiest of magicks.
While equipped, grants Float and Reflect.
FFT Sortilege
Sortilége
(Salty Rage)	—	Poach: Red Dragon
Mode: Rendezvous	30,000
Equip: Protect, Shell
A perfume with a rich redolence that gives a sensation of being enveloped by potent blessings.
While equipped, grants Protect and Shell.
FFT Chantage
Chantage	—	Poach: Swine
Mode: Melee/Rendezvous
Steal: Meliadoul	30,000
Equip: Reraise, Regen
The soothing scent of this perfume gives a sensation of endless vitality.
While equipped, grants Regen and Reraise.
FFT Septieme
Septième Sens
(Septième / Setiemson)	Magick Attack +1	Poach: Greater Hydra	30,000
Equip: Haste, Invisibility
A perfume with an otherworldly aroma that grants a sense of unbound celerity.
While equipped, raises magick attack power and grants Haste. Also grants Invisibility at the start of battle.
Envoûtement
Envoûtement
Sortilége
Sortilége
Chantage
Chantage
Septieme Sens
Septieme Sens
Lip rouge
An accessory that gives positive statuses. Can only be equipped by females and onion knights.

Name	Effect	Acquisition	Cost
FF tactics tynar rouge
Tynar Rouge	Physical Attack +3
Magick Attack +3	The War of the Lions versions only: If the player keeps Agrias, Alicia, Lavian and Mustadio in the party, and the party reaches a city or a town (but not a castle town) on the 1st of Cancer in the final chapter, Mustadio buys Agrias the Tynar Rouge lip rouge. It costs 50,000 gil, but the party must have at least 500,000 gil to activate this quest.	10
Females only
Boosts: Holy
Equip: Protect, Shell, Haste
Magickal lip rouge from the popular Feyforge brand. It is a limited-edition product, making it difficult for even the richest noblewomen to obtain.
Other appearances
Dissidia Final Fantasy Opera Omnia
Jade Armlet.
Jade Armlet.
FFTA Buster SwordThis section about equipment in Dissidia Final Fantasy Opera Omnia is empty or needs to be expanded. You can help the Final Fantasy Wiki by expanding it.
Pictlogica Final Fantasy
The Bracer and Magepower Glove appears as an accessory.

FFTA Buster SwordThis section about equipment in Pictlogica Final Fantasy is empty or needs to be expanded. You can help the Final Fantasy Wiki by expanding it.
Final Fantasy Record Keeper
Angel Ring.
Angel Ring.
Bracer.
Bracer.
Chantage.
Chantage.
Cursed Ring.
Cursed Ring.
Empyreal Armband.
Empyreal Armband.
Gaius Caligae.
Gaius Caligae.
Genji Glove.
Genji Glove.
Jade Armlet.
Jade Armlet.
Japa Mala.
Japa Mala.
Magepower Glove
Magepower Glove
Nu Khai Armband.
Nu Khai Armband.
Protect Ring.
Protect Ring.
Red Shoes.
Red Shoes.
Reflect Ring.
Reflect Ring.
Sage's Ring.
Sage's Ring.
Sortilege.
Sortilege.
Winged Boots.
Winged Boots.
FFTA Buster SwordThis section about equipment in Final Fantasy Record Keeper is empty or needs to be expanded. You can help the Final Fantasy Wiki by expanding it.
Final Fantasy Brave Exvius
Featherweave Cloak.
Featherweave Cloak.
Septieme.
Septieme.
FFTA Buster SwordThis section about equipment in Final Fantasy Brave Exvius is empty or needs to be expanded. You can help the Final Fantasy Wiki by expanding it.
Categories
Languages
Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted.
More Fandoms
Fantasy Sci-fi Final Fantasy
Discussions on this wiki
Join the conversation
Sign in to read what others are saying and share your thoughts.
SIGN IN
Don't have account?Register now
